What was the point of all of this?

Have you at the very least grown in your deen?

Have you at the very least grown in your Dunya?

Have you, with this, stayed away from Haram?

Have you, with this, grown closer with your righteous friends? 

Have you, with this, grown closer to your family members?

Have you, with this, at least taken the benefits this resourcepack may have given?

Have you, with this, learnt something that would benefit you in this world and the hereafter?

How many times have WE missed OUR prayers because of games like this?

How many times have WE disobeyed OUR parents because of games like this?

How many times have WE spoken uselessly, or worse, cursed because of games like this? 

Do WE not know that OUR eyes, OUR hands, OUR feet, OUR ears, whether WE have them or not, are a test for us?

Do WE not know that OUR parents, whether WE love them or not, whether they are strict or permissive, are a test for us?

Do WE not know that OUR prayers, whether we have the energy for it or not, are a test for us?

Do WE then not fear the Hellfire, the fire which is 69 parts excess of the fire of this world? (Sahih Muslim 2843)

That horrible flame with seventy thousand bridles, and seventy thousand angels dragging each one. (Sahih Muslim 2842)

Do WE then not fear the Punishment of the Grave? 

That punishment so painful we were told to seek refuge from it's punishment? (Sahih Muslim 2867)

What was it, my player, What was the point of all of this?

Did you have righteous intentions? Did you have evil intentions? Did you have no intentions?

My player, take heed to what I give to you, and may Allah have both you and I understand it fully and completely, and may Allah have both you and I act upon these properly. Ameen.

As our Prophet (Sallahu Alahyi Wassalam) said:
"Take advantage of five before five: 

your youth before your old age,

your health before your illness,
 
your riches before your poverty, 

your free time before your work, 

and your life before your death.”

(Shu’ab al-Imān lil-Bayhaqī 10250)

Forgive those who have wronged you and seek forgiveness from those you've wronged

In fact, for anything I've done wrong, I'm sorry.

Obey your parents in what is righteous, but do not obey them in Haram or that which disobeys Allah.

Lower your gaze, guard your hands, guard your tounge.

Don't make fun of people, especially Muslims, they may be better than you. (Surah 49, verse 11)

Fast Mondays and Thursdays at the very least if you have the strength to do so.

and seek forgiveness from your Lord.

and seek forgiveness from your Lord.

and seek forgiveness from your Lord.

and repent to your Lord.

and repent to your Lord.

and repent to your Lord.

Allahumma anta rabbi laaa ilaaha illa anta.
 
Khalaq tani wa aana a'bduk. 

Wa aana aa-la ahdika wa wa'di-ka masta-ta'tu. 

Aa u'zubika min-sharimaa sa-na'tu. 

Aa-bu'u laka bi-ni'matika a'laiya. 

Wa aa-bu'u laka bi-zambi 

fagh-firli fa-inna-hu la yagh-firuz-zu-nu ba il-la ant.

(Sahih Al-Bukhari 6306)

My player, wake up to the reality of this world.

May Allah guide us and forgive both me and you and, and may Allah forgive all of the Muslims and the Mumin, both men and women, those that are alive, and those that are dead.

Ameen.


Subhanaka Allahumma wa bihamdika, ash-hadu an la ilaha illa Anta, astaghfiruka wa atubu ilaik